snowflake native apps: updating docs w/ scheduled syncs and some cleanup ahead of public preview (#31853)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/snowflake-native-apps/facebook-marketing.md

2. On the left sidebar, click `Marketplace`.
3. Search for `Facebook Marketing Connector` by Airbyte or navigate to https://app.snowflake.com/marketplace/listing/GZTYZ9BCRT8/airbyte-facebook-marketing-connector-by-airbyte
4. Click `Request`. This will send a request that we will manually service as soon as we can.

![](./facebook-marketing-shared-application.png)

5. On the left sidebar, click `Apps`.

> 6. Under the `Recently Shared with You` section, you should see the `Airbyte Facebook Marketing Connector` by Airbyte. Click `Get`.

Author: This process could change depending on what the process becomes when we start using the marketplace listing

## Syncing Your Facebook Marketing Data
Once a connection is configured, go in `Connections List` to view all of your connections. From here for each connection you can
view the configuration settings, start a sync, and view the prior sync history.

### Scheduled Syncs
While creating a connection, you can specify a "Replication Frequency" which will dictate how often your data will be extracted from
Facebook Marketing and loaded into your Snowflake database. This process is started automatically according to your schedule and does not
require that you manually trigger syncs. For example, if you create a connection at 10:15 AM and set your replication frequency to
hourly, then a sync will be started immediately. The next sync will start at 11:15 AM onwards. Only one sync is active at the same
time. In the event that your sync runs longer than one hour, a new sync will start at the next available time.

### Manual Syncs

> In addition to scheduled syncs, you can also configure a connection only sync data on-demand by setting "Replication Frequency" to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to scheduled syncs, you can also configure a connection to only sync data on-demand by setting "Replication Frequency" to
```

`MANUAL`. After creating a connection, from the `Connections List` page, you can use the "Sync Now" button to trigger a sync of
your API data to your Snowflake database. You can also use this button to manually trigger connections that sync according to a

> schedule. If there is already a sync in progress, this button will be greyed out. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
schedule. If there is already a sync in progress, this button will be disabled. 
```
